Editor pass - Handbook: Add rituals section to Product page (#5303)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/product.md

We track competitors' capabilities and adjacent (or commonly integrated) products in this [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Bqdui6oQthdv5XtD5l7EZVB-duNRcqVRg7NVA4lCXeI/edit) (private).

## Rituals

> Directly Responsible Individuals (DRI) engage in the ritual(s) below at the frequency specified.

Author: ```suggestion
The following table lists the Product group's rituals, frequency, and Directly Responsible Individual (DRI).
```
